Embedded Linux – Creating a Building’s Heat and Humidity Profile
Our projec t involves collecting temperature and humidity data from multiple locations using several Raspberry Pi. This data is then available in spreadsheet or graphical form to a remote user via a website interface.
To complete our project, we have divided the work into four main areas.


Topic 1: Data acquisition and local storage
Topic 2: Data upload and collaboration
Topic 3: User interface
Topic 4: Project report documentation and presentation

 Progress report on each area:
Topic 1: The data acquistion and local storage was fairly straight-forward. We are currently capable of acquring data via the sensor, storing it into a local database and programming the Pi to take these measurements automatically as needed.
Topic 2: Several methods of data upload and collaboration have been considered. We are currently capable of uploading data to a google drive account. We have also considered collaboration via FTP between Pi. Lastly, having each Pi upload its data to an individual web server which would then be linked to a host has been considered. All of these options continue to be evaluated .
Topic 3: A user interface developed from an individual Pi running a web server has been created which is capable of presenting data from its own local database and interacting with the user to display that data. 
Topic 4: No work has been done in this area.


Summary of progress:
We have shown the ability to collect data, and store it locally. We are also capable of uploading that data so that a remote user can view and interact with it via a website. Our major hurdle remaining is integrating the data from several Pi such that an individual website can access all of it. We also need to modify our user interface so that it has improved functionality. For the purposes of collaborating and presenting the data, the local storage formatting may also be adjusted as needed. 
Contributions from team members and future obligations:
Ray Hall has worked on data acquisition, local storage and uploading to google drive. He will continue to refine these areas as needed. He will also help investigate various data upload and collaboration techniques. He will take the lead in report documentation and presentation.
Steve Ayre has worked on data aquisition, local storage and web server interfaces. He has also worked on methods to collaborate data from google drive to be presented to the user. He will continue to work on the user interface along with methods to collaborate data.
Emerson Benn has investigated data collaboration. He will continue to work in this area, especially FTP between Pi. He will assist with the user interface as needed.
